feat(tutorial): add step 4 content (#1391)
carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom-website: src/pages/developing/web-components-tutorial/step-4.mdx

<PageDescription>

> Now that we have completed building a page using our many of our components, it's time to try out using some

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that we have completed building a page using many of our components, it's time to try out using some
```

pure Carbon components within our page, and learn how to use their custom events to our advantage.

</PageDescription>

<AnchorLinks>

<AnchorLink>Fork, clone, and branch</AnchorLink>

> <AnchorLink>Add Tag group and Carbon Tag</AnchorLink>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<AnchorLink>Add Tag group and Tag</AnchorLink>
```

<Preview
  height="400"
  title="Carbon for IBM.com Tutorial Step 4"

>   src="https://carbon-design-system.github.io/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom-tutorial/step-4/"

Reviewer 2: gotta point to step 5 instead, and add the link to the github page in the `[preview]()` link above!

<Preview
  height="400"

>   title="Carbon for IBM.com Tutorial Step 4"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  title="Carbon for IBM.com tutorial step 4"
```

```bash
git fetch upstream
git checkout -b web-components-step-4 upstream/web-components-step-4
```

<InlineNotification>

**Note:** This builds on top of step 3, but be sure to check out the upstream step 4 branch because it includes some of the

> components required to get through this step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
components required to complete this step.
```

</InlineNotification>

## Component documentation

> In this step, you'll be adding to the page 6 pure Carbon components to the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this step, you'll be adding six pure Carbon components to the page.
```

> These components will be showcased at the bottom using the `Tabs` components, to give you a brief look at how they would look in a page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These components will be showcased at the bottom using the `Tabs` components, so that you can see how they would look in a page.
```

> The following components that will be used in step 4 are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following Carbon components that will be used in step 4 are:
```

> - [Carbon tag](https://web-components.carbondesignsystem.com/?path=/story/components-tag--default)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Tag](https://web-components.carbondesignsystem.com/?path=/story/components-tag--default)
```

- [Tag group](https://ibmdotcom-web-components-canary.mybluemix.net/?path=/story/components-tag-group--default)
- [Tabs](https://web-components.carbondesignsystem.com/?path=/story/components-tabs--default)
- [Data table](https://web-components.carbondesignsystem.com/?path=/story/components-data-table--default)
- [Dropdown](https://web-components.carbondesignsystem.com/?path=/story/components-dropdown--default)
- [Radio button](https://web-components.carbondesignsystem.com/?path=/story/components-radio-button--default)
- [Structured list](https://web-components.carbondesignsystem.com/?path=/story/components-structured-list--default)

> All the components have implementation details in the linked Storybook Docs tab. The Docs tab has a link to the codesandbox example of each component, props table to showcase different variations possible, and other

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All the components have implementation details in the linked Storybook Docs tab. The Docs tab has a link to the codesandbox example of each component, props table to showcase possible variations, and other
```
